                                                      Android Food order and delivery app
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
With the increasing popularity of food delivery in colleges and universities, the traditional telephone order food has inconveniences to the customers and the food delivery store. The online food ordering system provides convenience for customers. It overcomes the disadvantages of the traditional queuing system. This system increases the takeaway of food than more visitors. Therefore, this system enhances the speed and standardization of taking orders from the customer. It provides a better communication platform. the user’s details are noted electronically. Using this application, the customers need not go to the restaurant by themselves, but they can order the dishes through Android mobiles anywhere. In this system, there are four namely, Admin, Delivery boy, Restaurant Manager, and User. Admin can log in, a   manage restaurants by adding, undereating and deleting, manage delivery person by adding, updating and deleting. Admin can also check register users and the orders total count. Delivery boy can login and see the allotted orders, they can upload the status of the order whether it is picked, on the way or delivered. Restaurant manager can login and update their restaurants details, they can even check for reviews and ratings given by users. They can manage menu by adding new items and deleting unwanted. Manager can manage orders by allotting to the delivery boy, can update status of delivery. Manager can see the payment done by electronic mode. Users can register and login. User have option to choose the cuisine, hotels of nearby. User will get details of restaurant like name, location and reviews. User will can select the food from the menu list, can add to favorites and can processed further. User can view the history of their orders and the current orders status. User have online payment options. User will get notification of the order status.

